Write, even on the bad days. You can fix it on the good days.
It gets easier. Every day it gets a little easier, but you have to do it every day. That's the hard part.
The first draft is just you telling yourself the story.
Plotholes are just pockets for readers to put their fan-fiction ideas in.
The 'perfect' is the enemy of the 'good'.
If there’s a book that you want to read, but it hasn’t been written yet, then you must write it.
One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.
No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.
A writer is someone for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
A word after a word after a word is power.
To survive, you must tell stories.
Always be a poet, even in prose.
If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live... I’d type a little faster.
Words do not express thoughts very well. They always become a little distorted, a little foolish.
Writing books is the closest men ever come to childbearing.
As a writer, you should not judge, you should understand.
If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it.
Writing is its own reward.
Get it down. Take chances. It may be bad, but it’s the only way you can do anything really good.
Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.
You can always edit a bad page. You can’t edit a blank page.
Writing a novel is like driving a car at night. You can only see as far as your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.
Tell a story! Without a story, you are merely proving you can string words together in logical sentences.
Description begins in the writer’s imagination but should finish in the reader’s.
Close the door. Write with no one looking over your shoulder.
Never write anything that does not give you great pleasure. Emotion is easily transferred from the writer to the reader.
It is perfectly okay to write garbage as long as you edit brilliantly.
Write your first draft with your heart. Rewrite with your head.
If you have no critics, you’ll likely have no success.
If you can tell stories, create characters, devise incidents, with sincerity and passion, it doesn’t matter how you write.
If the book is true, it will find an audience that is meant to read it.
The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.
If I waited for perfection, I would never write a word.
The true alchemists do not change lead into gold; they change the world into words.
Words are our most inexhaustible source of magic.
A bird doesn’t sing because it has an answer; it sings because it has a song.
The product of your first years of writing is not a book...it's an author.
